# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via
    #   composio-core
    #   langchain
    #   litellm
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via versionhq (pyproject.toml)
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
bcrypt==4.2.1
    # via paramiko
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   composio-core
    #   litellm
    #   uvicorn
composio==0.1.0
    # via versionhq (pyproject.toml)
composio-core==0.6.11.post1
    # via
    #   composio-langchain
    #   composio-openai
composio-langchain==0.6.12
    # via versionhq (pyproject.toml)
composio-openai==0.6.9
    # via versionhq (pyproject.toml)
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via paramiko
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
fastapi==0.115.6
    # via composio-core
filelock==3.16.1
    # via huggingface-hub
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via huggingface-hub
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.27.0
    # via tokenizers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via
    #   composio-core
    #   litellm
inflection==0.5.1
    # via composio-core
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via litellm
jiter==0.8.2
    # via openai
json-repair==0.35.0
    # via versionhq (pyproject.toml)
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonref==1.1.0
    # via composio-core
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   composio-core
    #   litellm
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.14
    # via
    #   versionhq (pyproject.toml)
    #   composio-langchain
langchain-core==0.3.29
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.2.14
    # via
    #   versionhq (pyproject.toml)
    #   composio-langchain
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.4
    # via langchain
langchainhub==0.1.21
    # via composio-langchain
langsmith==0.2.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
litellm==1.56.5
    # via versionhq (pyproject.toml)
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==2.2.1
    # via langchain
openai==1.58.1
    # via
    #   versionhq (pyproject.toml)
    #   composio-openai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   litellm
orjson==3.10.13
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchainhub
paramiko==3.5.0
    # via composio-core
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.4
    # via
    #   versionhq (pyproject.toml)
    #   composio-core
    #   composio-langchain
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via composio-core
pysher==1.0.8
    # via composio-core
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   versionhq (pyproject.toml)
    #   litellm
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   versionhq (pyproject.toml)
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   versionhq (pyproject.toml)
    #   composio-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchainhub
    #   langsmith
    #   pysher
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.9.4
    # via composio-core
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
semver==3.0.2
    # via composio-core
sentry-sdk==2.19.2
    # via composio-core
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via versionhq (pyproject.toml)
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via langchain
starlette==0.41.3
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   litellm
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via litellm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
types-requests==2.32.0.20241016
    # via langchainhub
typing==3.10.0.0
    # via versionhq (pyproject.toml)
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   types-requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via composio-core
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via pysher
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via versionhq (pyproject.toml)
wheel==0.45.1
    # via versionhq (pyproject.toml)
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
